and job answered even today my complaint
and job answered even today my complaint just bitter
just bitter
just bitter my hand is listless because of my
my hand is listless because of my
my hand is listless because of my groaning oh that I knew where I might
groaning oh that I knew where I might
groaning oh that I knew where I might find him that I might come to his seat I
find him that I might come to his seat I
find him that I might come to his seat I would present my case before him and
would present my case before him and
would present my case before him and fill my mouth with arguments I would
fill my mouth with arguments I would
fill my mouth with arguments I would know the words which he would answer me
know the words which he would answer me
know the words which he would answer me and understand what he would say to me
and understand what he would say to me
and understand what he would say to me would he
would he
would he contend with me in his great power no
contend with me in his great power no
contend with me in his great power no but he would take note of me there the
but he would take note of me there the
but he would take note of me there the upright could reason with him and I
upright could reason with him and I
upright could reason with him and I would be delivered forever from my judge
would be delivered forever from my judge
would be delivered forever from my judge look I go forward but he is not there
look I go forward but he is not there
look I go forward but he is not there and backward but I cannot perceive him
and backward but I cannot perceive him
and backward but I cannot perceive him when he works on the left hand I cannot
when he works on the left hand I cannot
when he works on the left hand I cannot behold him when he turns to the right
behold him when he turns to the right
behold him when he turns to the right hand I cannot see him but he knows the
hand I cannot see him but he knows the
hand I cannot see him but he knows the way that I take when he has tested me I
way that I take when he has tested me I
way that I take when he has tested me I shall come forth as gold my foot is held
shall come forth as gold my foot is held
shall come forth as gold my foot is held fast to his steps
fast to his steps
fast to his steps I have kept his way and not turned aside
I have kept his way and not turned aside
I have kept his way and not turned aside I have not departed from the commandment
I have not departed from the commandment
I have not departed from the commandment of his lips
of his lips
of his lips I had treasured the words of his mouth
I had treasured the words of his mouth
I had treasured the words of his mouth more than my necessary food
more than my necessary food
more than my necessary food but he is unique and who can make him
but he is unique and who can make him
but he is unique and who can make him change and whatever his soul desires
change and whatever his soul desires
change and whatever his soul desires that he does but he performs what is
that he does but he performs what is
that he does but he performs what is appointed for me and many such things
appointed for me and many such things
appointed for me and many such things are with him therefore I am terrified at
are with him therefore I am terrified at
are with him therefore I am terrified at his presence when I considered this I am
his presence when I considered this I am
his presence when I considered this I am afraid of him for God made my heart weak
afraid of him for God made my heart weak
afraid of him for God made my heart weak and the almighty terrifies me because I
and the almighty terrifies me because I
and the almighty terrifies me because I was not cut off from the presence of
was not cut off from the presence of
was not cut off from the presence of darkness and he did not hide deep
darkness and he did not hide deep
darkness and he did not hide deep darkness from my face
darkness from my face
darkness from my face [Music]